README.md, before:

# RustFlyff
About
---
Flyff v6 emulator written in Rust. Its intent is to be a lightweight, extensible and secure solution that runs as a distributed architecture.

Legal
---
This project is licenced under the GPLv3. Here's the important points to that:
* You are free to use and distribute this software, but you cannot sell it.
* You are free to modify the source code, but your changes must be published.
* If you use ("borrow") code from this project, the GPL requires that your project also comply with the GPL requirements.

This software provides no assurances or warranties. The author(s) and contributor(s) are not liable. As with any software, if you intend to expose this to the internet, you *must* practice good security. 

Software Requirements
---
* MySQL 5.5 or 5.7 (or the MariaDB equivalent) for now. Postgres and NoSQL options are being considered.
* RabbitMQ - Communication between servers is *entirely* based on a central queue system.

System Requirements
---
This assumes that you are running in the simplest configuration (1 of each server type, plus the required software is installed and running).

* At least a dual core processor (4 or more cores recommended)
* Minimum 2GB RAM available to the applications. This is to give MySQL and RabbitMQ breathing room as well as your servers.

Note: You WILL need more RAM if you add additional clusters or worlds.

Servers
---
Start the servers in the following order. Reverse the order for shutdown.

1. Database Server
2. Login Server
3. Cluster Server
4. World Server

Compiling
---
You will need a modern (2019 or later) rust toolchain. Simply run `cargo build` from the project's root directory. 

Feedback
---
As with any open source project, constructive feedback is welcome and encouraged! 

### Pull Requests
Are you a developer and would like to contribute? If it's a small change, open a pull request. For larger or more invasive changes, open an issue so that we can discuss.

### Testing
Not a developer but want to contribute? There's never a shortage of things to test.

Commit message:

Update legal notice to reflect change to AGPLv3

README.md, after:

# RustFlyff
About
---
Flyff v6 emulator written in Rust. Its intent is to be a lightweight, extensible and secure solution that runs as a distributed architecture.

Legal
---
This project is licenced under the GNU AGPLv3. Here's the important points to that:
* You are free to to modify this project and use it. However, any changes that you make to this project must have published source code. 
* If you use this project in a derived work in any way, you must publish the source code for your derived work.
* These restrictions apply whether you are
  1. Distributing your changes to this project or derived work as binaries
  2. Providing a software service such as a private server using either your changes to this project or a derived work
  
The distribution of this software or any derived work must be **free**. However, the sale of support for this software (orginal or modifed) or any dervied work is allowed under the following conditions:
1. The entities involved in any exchange of monies regarding this software assume full liability for any lawsuits or legal issues and their outcomes.
2. The entities involved in any exchange of monies regarding this software will not involve the author(s) and contributors(s) of this project in any lawsuits or legal issues, or file any lawsuits against them as a result of any fees, penalties, other losses, or legal ramifications related to said lawsuits or legal issues.

By distributing binaries as a modified or dervied work of this project, or hosting a private server using either, you agree that
1. You assume full liability for any lawsuits or legal issues and their outcomes related to this software or the derived work.
2. You will not involve the author(s) and contributors(s) of this project in any lawsuites or legal issues, or file any lawsuits against them as a result of any fees, penalties, other losses, or legal ramifications related to said lawsuits or legal issues.

This software provides no assurances or warranties. The author(s) and contributor(s) are not liable. As with any software, if you intend to expose this to the internet, you *must* practice good security.

Software Requirements
---
* MySQL 5.5 or 5.7 (or the MariaDB equivalent) for now. Postgres and NoSQL options are being considered.
* RabbitMQ - Communication between servers is *entirely* based on a central queue system.

System Requirements
---
This assumes that you are running in the simplest configuration (1 of each server type, plus the required software is installed and running).

* At least a dual core processor (4 or more cores recommended)
* Minimum 2GB RAM available to the applications. This is to give MySQL and RabbitMQ breathing room as well as your servers.

Note: You WILL need more RAM if you add additional clusters or worlds.

Servers
---
Start the servers in the following order. Reverse the order for shutdown.

1. Database Server
2. Login Server
3. Cluster Server
4. World Server

Compiling
---
You will need a modern (2019 or later) rust toolchain. Simply run `cargo build` from the project's root directory. 

Feedback
---
As with any open source project, constructive feedback is welcome and encouraged! 

### Pull Requests
Are you a developer and would like to contribute? If it's a small change, open a pull request. For larger or more invasive changes, open an issue so that we can discuss.

### Testing
Not a developer but want to contribute? There's never a shortage of things to test.
